feat: create local proxy library that is Go Mobile-friendly (#64)
Jigsaw-Code/outline-sdk: README.md

> **Note**: You must use `gomobile bind` on a package you create, not directly on the SDK packages.

> The easiest way to integrate with the SDK in a mobile app is by using the [`x/mobileproxy` library](./x/mobileproxy/) 

Reviewer: "easiest" might not be accurate? Especially once we had a platform wrapper library in the future.

```suggestion
A good example to integrate with the SDK in a mobile app is by using the [`x/mobileproxy` library](./x/mobileproxy/) 
```

Author: I meant the easiest way currently available.

I rephrased it to "An easy way". It's more than an example. That's what people will integrate with.

- Transport client strategies
  - Proxyless strategies
    - [ ] Encrypted DNS

>     - [x] Packet splitting ([reference](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Jigsaw-Code/outline-sdk/transport/split))

Reviewer: *nit* we can actually put the link around "Packet splitting" itself.

Author: I put it on the side to be consistent with the other entries. It allows us to have multiple links for a feature, as for "Library to run a local SOCKS5 or HTTP-Connect proxy"
